All right.
Anyway, here
Climb two crawl two steps
Hey
Brother, why did you call that out just now?
I should say hello
He's in a hurry to get back to work. What's the matter with you?
Why did you suddenly return to China?
Do you think I want to go back to China?
Didn't you say that the Shen family wants a business marriage?
I just didn't come back with me at home
Break up your car
Oh oh oh you want to go to Africa to dig coal
Are they trying to break me up?
I didn't say I wanted to break up your little sister-in-law
That's your sister-in-law
Just in time for you to come back
How long has it been?
I'll leave the business of the clinic group to you.
Leave it to my big brother, why are you going?
Let's fall in love
You, an old man, will also fall in love one day
Don't worry, you leave it to me.
I promise to make you a love fart tomorrow